This video follows a path approaching Jerusalem from the east.
It shows the village of modern-day Et Tours, thought to correspond to the Biblical Bethphagy,
and continues on to one of the higher points on the Mount of Olives.
Seen here are one, the road from Bethany to Bethphagy,
two, the location of Bethphagy,
three, the Mount of Olives, four, the Kidron Valley beyond the Mount of Olives,
and five, the Temple Mount.
When traveling from Lazarus home in Bethany to Jerusalem,
Jesus may have followed a route similar to the one shown here.
Identified again is three, the Mount of Olives,
which descends into four, the Kidron Valley.
On the far side is five, the Temple Mount.
On Nysen 933 CE, Jesus rode the Cult of Adonki
over the Mount of Olives to Jerusalem.
He may have started from Bethphagy and followed the road to Jerusalem.